about.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

# Current position
I'm a postdoctoral researcher at [Karlsruhe University of Applied Sciences](https://h-ka.de) (DE) and the [University of Freiburg](https://www.uni-freiburg.de/) (DE; my office is here), since November 2023.
Together with [Peter Thiemann](http://www2.informatik.uni-freiburg.de/~thiemann/) and Martin Sulzmann, I work on the trace-based analysis of data races in concurrent programs.

# Studies
I did my PhD at the [Bernoulli
Institute](https://www.rug.nl/research/bernoulli/), [University of
Groningen](https://www.rug.nl/) (NL) for the VIDI project [Unifying Correctness
for Communicating Software](https://www.jperez.nl/vidi) under the supervision of
[Jorge A. Pérez](https://www.jperez.nl/).
My dissertation is currently under assessment.

I have obtained my MSc in Logic at the [ILLC](https://www.illc.uva.nl/),
[University of Amsterdam](https://www.uva.nl/) (thesis under supervision of
[Jorge A. Pérez](https://www.jperez.nl/) and [Alban
Ponse](https://staff.fnwi.uva.nl/a.ponse/)) and my BSc in Computer Science at
the [University of Amsterdam](https://www.uva.nl/)
([thesis](https://esc.fnwi.uva.nl/thesis/centraal/files/f522241892.pdf) under
supervision of [Bob Diertens](https://staff.fnwi.uva.nl/b.diertens/) and [Alban
Ponse](https://staff.fnwi.uva.nl/a.ponse/))

# Past jobs
I have been a Teaching Assistant for several courses taught by [Alban
Ponse](https://staff.fnwi.uva.nl/a.ponse/) and [Inge
Bethke](https://www.uva.nl/profiel/b/e/i.bethke/i.bethke.html) at the
[University of Amsterdam](https://www.uva.nl/) and the [Vrije Universiteit
Amsterdam](https://www.vu.nl/nl/index.aspx). Moreover, I have worked at [Het
Zwarte Fietsenplan](https://www.hetzwartefietsenplan.com/) for many years,
developing and maintaining their internal management website, as an employee and
more recently as a freelance developer.

Commit message:

Update contact info and link defense/thesis

about.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

# Current position
I'm a postdoctoral researcher at [Karlsruhe University of Applied Sciences](https://h-ka.de) (DE) and the [University of Freiburg](https://www.uni-freiburg.de/) (DE; my office is here), since November 2023.
Together with [Peter Thiemann](http://www2.informatik.uni-freiburg.de/~thiemann/) and Martin Sulzmann, I work on the trace-based analysis of data races in concurrent programs.

# Studies
I did my PhD at the [Bernoulli
Institute](https://www.rug.nl/research/bernoulli/), [University of
Groningen](https://www.rug.nl/) (NL) for the VIDI project [Unifying Correctness
for Communicating Software](https://www.jperez.nl/vidi) under the supervision of
[Jorge A. Pérez](https://www.jperez.nl/).
I will defend my thesis on 2024-04-02 12:45, at University of Groningen's [Academy Building](https://maps.app.goo.gl/mZbXtoFdBy1Lcb737); you can find an extended preprint of my dissertation on [ArXiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2402.09595).

I have obtained my MSc in Logic at the [ILLC](https://www.illc.uva.nl/),
[University of Amsterdam](https://www.uva.nl/) (thesis under supervision of
[Jorge A. Pérez](https://www.jperez.nl/) and [Alban
Ponse](https://staff.fnwi.uva.nl/a.ponse/)) and my BSc in Computer Science at
the [University of Amsterdam](https://www.uva.nl/)
([thesis](https://esc.fnwi.uva.nl/thesis/centraal/files/f522241892.pdf) under
supervision of [Bob Diertens](https://staff.fnwi.uva.nl/b.diertens/) and [Alban
Ponse](https://staff.fnwi.uva.nl/a.ponse/))

# Past jobs
I have been a Teaching Assistant for several courses taught by [Alban
Ponse](https://staff.fnwi.uva.nl/a.ponse/) and [Inge
Bethke](https://www.uva.nl/profiel/b/e/i.bethke/i.bethke.html) at the
[University of Amsterdam](https://www.uva.nl/) and the [Vrije Universiteit
Amsterdam](https://www.vu.nl/nl/index.aspx). Moreover, I have worked at [Het
Zwarte Fietsenplan](https://www.hetzwartefietsenplan.com/) for many years,
developing and maintaining their internal management website, as an employee and
more recently as a freelance developer.
