publications.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Publications
permalink: /pubs/
---

* Bas van den Heuvel, Jorge A. Pérez -
  [PLACES 2020](http://places20.by.di.fc.ul.pt/) -
  [BibTeX]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/assets/static/bibtex/places2020.bib) <br />
  [Session Type Systems based on Linear Logic: Classical versus
  Intuitionistic](https://cgi.cse.unsw.edu.au/~eptcs/paper.cgi?PLACES2020.1.pdf) <br />
  The event was postponed due to the corona virus crisis. A new date is yet to
  be announced.

* Bas van den Heuvel, Jorge A. Pérez -
  [TYPES 2020](https://types2020.di.unito.it/) -
  [BibTeX]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/assets/static/bibtex/types2020.bib) <br />
  [Comparing Session Type Interpretations of Linear Logic (Extended
  Abstract)](https://types2020.di.unito.it/abstracts/BookOfAbstractsTYPES2020.pdf) <br />
  The event was cancelled due to the corona virus crisis. There is, however, an
  [online forum](https://crew.i-learn.unito.it/course/view.php?id=45) where
  discussion can take place. You can get access by logging in using a Google
  account. My slides and a recording of my presentation are available there, and
  on this site:
  [slides]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/assets/static/types2020.pdf) /
  [presentation]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/assets/static/types2020.mp4).

Commit message:

Draft publication and improve layout

publications.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Publications
permalink: /pubs/
---

* 2021: Draft with Jorge A. Pérez
  <br />
  [A Decentralized Analysis of Multiparty Protocols](https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.09038) -
  [BibTeX]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/assets/static/bibtex/draft2021.bib)

* 2020: [TYPES 2020](https://types2020.di.unito.it/) with Jorge A. Pérez
  <br />
  [Comparing Session Type Interpretations of Linear Logic (Extended Abstract)](https://types2020.di.unito.it/abstracts/BookOfAbstractsTYPES2020.pdf) -
  [BibTeX]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/assets/static/bibtex/types2020.bib)
  <br />
  The event was cancelled due to the corona virus crisis.
  My slides and a recording of my presentation are available anyway:
  [slides]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/assets/static/types2020.pdf) /
  [presentation]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/assets/static/types2020.mp4).

* 2020: [PLACES 2020](http://places20.by.di.fc.ul.pt/) with Jorge A. Pérez
  <br />
  [Session Type Systems based on Linear Logic: Classical versus Intuitionistic](https://cgi.cse.unsw.edu.au/~eptcs/paper.cgi?PLACES2020.1.pdf) -
  [BibTeX]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/assets/static/bibtex/places2020.bib)
  <br />
  The event was postponed due to the corona virus crisis.
